September contributor spotlight (#23)
mdn/mdn-contributor-spotlight: contributors/hochan-lee/index.md

---
contributor_name: HoChan Lee
folder_name: hochan-lee
is_featured: true
img_alt: A person down a quiet road under the night sky, illuminated by faint streetlights.
usernames:
  github: hochan222
quote: MDN is a large, open community where everyone is welcome. It offers a great opportunity to organize thoughts through writing, while sharing and expanding knowledge by engaging with a diverse group of people throughout the contribution process.
---

> Hello, I'm HoChan Lee, a developer from South Korea and a member of the MDN yari-content-ko team. My contributions span a variety of tasks related to Korean documentation, such as converting content from HTML to Markdown, removing Kumascript macros, participating in translation discussions, improving guides, and responding to inquiries.

Reviewer: Should we add the GH team link here? (although https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/MDN/Community/Contributing/Translated_content#active_locales points to their google group)
```suggestion
Hello, I'm HoChan Lee, a developer from South Korea and a member of MDN's Korean localization team ([yari-content-ko](https://github.com/orgs/mdn/teams/yari-content-ko)). My contributions span a variety of tasks related to Korean documentation, such as converting content from HTML to Markdown, removing Kumascript macros, participating in translation discussions, improving guides, and responding to inquiries.
```

> In May 2021, I formed the yari-content-ko team with [seven colleagues](https://egas.tistory.com/16#yari-content-ko). I unfroze the ko-locale, since the MDN platform transitioned from Kuma to Yari in 2020, preventing further edits. Currently, our team is responsible for all aspects of localization, including updating legacy documents, reviewing content, and improving the contribution environment for Korean content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In May 2021, I formed the yari-content-ko team with [seven colleagues](https://egas.tistory.com/16#yari-content-ko). I unfroze the ko-locale that had been frozen since 2020 when the MDN platform transitioned from Kuma to Yari, which had prevented further edits. Currently, our team is responsible for all aspects of localization, including updating legacy documents, reviewing content, and improving the contribution environment for Korean content.
```

## How did you start using MDN?

While studying JavaScript, I naturally discovered MDN Web Docs. It simplifies the content of standard specifications from organizations like W3C, ECMA, and WHATWG, making them accessible even to beginners. In Korea, MDN Web Docs is widely regarded as equivalent to the official standard documentation and is frequently cited in various writings.

## What do you like about MDN?

What I value most about MDN Web Docs is its reliability. Experts continually refine and discuss the content to ensure accurate and up-to-date information is always available. Plus, anyone interested can contribute to this process. It's a comprehensive resource that covers a vast range of web technologies.

## Why do you contribute to Open Source or MDN?

I contribute to MDN to improve the outdated and often inaccurate Korean documentation. When I first submitted a [PR to fix a typo](https://github.com/mdn/translated-content/pull/295), I learned that the Korean locale was frozen and needed a proposal and a team to be unfrozen. Also, it was disheartening to see critical sections marked as inaccurate, with instructions to refer to the English version.

> To address this, I gathered a team, submitted a proposal, and reached out to MDN admins(thanks to [Chris Mills](https://x.com/chrisdavidmills)), which led to a positive response. Despite the many challenges, I’m committed to ensuring that the hard work of past contributors continues to be respected, which motivates me to keep contributing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this, I gathered a team, submitted a proposal, and reached out to MDN admins (thanks to [Chris Mills](https://x.com/chrisdavidmills)), which led to a positive response. Despite the many challenges, I’m committed to ensuring that the hard work of past contributors continues to be respected, which motivates me to keep contributing.
```
